Bug 1866693: docs: enabling RHCOS extensions using MachineConfig (#1983)
openshift/machine-config-operator: docs/MachineConfiguration.md

**Note:** The RT kernel lowers throughput (performance) in return for improved worst-case latency bounds. This feature is intended only for use cases that require consistent low latency. For more information, see the [Linux Foundation wiki](https://wiki.linuxfoundation.org/realtime/start) and the [RHEL RT portal](https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_enterprise_linux_for_real_time/8/).

### RHCOS Extensions

> RHCOS is a minimal OS which provides capabilities common across all the platforms. With extensions support, OCP 4.6 and onward users can enable additional functionalities on the RHCOS nodes. Currently(OCP 4.6) supported extensions are `usbguard` and `kernel-devel`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
RHCOS is a minimal OCP focused OS which provides capabilities common across all the platforms. With extensions support, OCP 4.6 and onward users can enable a limited set of additional functionality on the RHCOS nodes. In OCP 4.6 the supported extensions are `usbguard` and `kernel-devel`.
```

Author: updated with suggestion.

> **Note:** `kernel-devel` extension should be installed only when you are using compatible traditional kernel (kernleType: default). If a user tries to install on an incompatible kernel (e.g. kernelType: realtime), MachineConfig will not be rendered and relevant errors can be seen in the machine-config-controller pod.

Reviewer 2: Let's do docs PRs in a hackmd.io or something to start?  There's e.g. a `kernleType` typo and other things that would be simpler to just fix and not do a review/repush cycle.
